hi i'm chris martin and i'm here to show
you some basics and how to be a good
witch
yes I'm going to begin with but before
we start back we must make sure we've
got the correct equipment star flower
box dies and also important thing got
that up and that's good next remove one
of our five hundred inner thigh guard
okay slow down they feel comfy now I'm
going to move on my part okay so very
pads on the feel good that you're
comfortable next thing is my gloves okay
so they feel nice and tight and they're
not going to slip off now our final
thing is our helpers okay so I've got me
home by now that feels comfortable tight
now final thing is the butt okay so
going back now no already ago
okay I'll move on the bath grip now
though together but good perfect dip the
barbers if you're picking up an axe the
fee of your thumb and forefingers will
be down the back of the bus and your
hands should be together now the top
hand is for control bottom hangers for
support okay next we look at our stunts
now we start with our feet but we need
parallel to each other and shoulder
width apart our knees maybe slightly
flexed or the word balance but for the
path behind your back foot and pointed
towards red slip and your eyes look God
the guard is a mark you make on the
ground to ensure you put every ball from
the same position to do so you will put
the fat fat towards one of the stumps I
will choose middle and you drag it out
towards the free slice a steel pipe
basic ways of clearing critters from the
front foot on the back foot now it all
pictures around about this group on the
length you peed on the front foot the
ball fiction they move now you clear on
the back foot the two sides of a cricket
field on the bus one is the oxide and
the leg side this side over here is the
off side and this side over here is the
leg side when a ball is traveling on the
up side you'll take a hit it on the off
side finished our plan now we're going
to have a little deeper we start with
the equipment which is very important
for safety we move got old quick then
we've got our stance and then you can do
when you play ball full foot or back
foot up oxide the leg side follow these
tips you'll be a good start okay so we
finished by good on that now now we're
going to start with you but just like
Bank of most important i don't feel
awake even is the box got that on that
feels cool cool we're now going to move
on my part clouds and they feel good and
comfortable now next island is my
innards in us and they feel good and
comfortable my next item is day after
we're keeping good yo gotti goes on they
feel good and comfortable now must
remember when you're sixteen
understanding up the storks it's
essential to wear a helmet okay so we'll
go equipment saw and now we're going to
move on the stunts most of our big
parallel to each other shoulder width
apart and the way our balls well
okay so we've got our stands ready now
next thing it's important but we come up
with the ball it's a lot easier for us
to move up that it is too moved out so
we must stay low until the ballers pitch
and then we will come up to catches ok
next we're going to move on our head and
hunt it's important that we have our
fingers pointing down with our thumbs
wide apart and have a large cutting area
and have our head in language
the last thing is our positioning when a
spin ball is born I will stand like this
applause to the stumps what a first of
all is well and I'll stand further back
like this
when immediately school is born it's
your call whether you stand up about
judging their peers will finish work
even now now it's time for the recap we
start off blow equipment which is just
very important for safety with the end
when a trial stunts then moved on to
over have no head and hands in line for
and each other then went on new
positioning for standing back and stand
it up to the stumps and then coming up
you